now Benjamin begat Bella his firstborn
ash fell the second a hera preferred
Nova the fourth and Rafer the fifth the
sons of Bella were Adam Meera a by hood
Abba schewe naman ahora Kira chiffon and
Hyrum these are the sons of evil who
were the heads of the fathers houses of
the inhabitants of Kiba and who forced
them to move to mana half Naaman a Hydra
and Kira who forced them to move he
begat azor and a highroad also share
rain had children in the country of
mower after he had sent away Hugh Shem
and Bera his wives by Hodesh his wife he
begat jobab Zibby ax Misha
Malcolm Gia's Sakaya and murmur these
were his sons heads of their fathers
houses and by Hugh Shem he begat a by
toad and L pea the sons of LPL were Eva
my Shem and Shem ed who built Oh No and
Lord with it stands and pariah and Shima
who were heads of their fathers houses
of the inhabitants of agile on who drove
out the inhabitants of Gath Ohio she
Shack jereth zebediah a rod EDA Michael
Bisping and Jo her were the sons of
pariah zebediah misha l'm his Chi Heba
ich Mirai Josiah and jobab were the sons
of L pale jaqen zu cry Zab die
le ni Zilla thigh Alya
adaiah pariah and shim Roth were the
sons of Shem EE yesh pan Eber Belial
Abbadon Zi Hainan Hananiah Elam and Phil
Phaedra if dia and pin ul were the sons
of Shake Shack
shamsher I see her ayah Atalaya cherish
Isle
Elisha and Zechariah were the sons of
gyro him these were the heads of the
fathers houses by their generations
chief men these dwelt in Jerusalem at
the father of Gibeon whose wife's name
was America dwelt at Gibeon and his
firstborn son was Abdur then sir Kish
Bale Nadab Dido Ohio Zika and McLouth
who begat Shem ear they also draught
alongside their relatives in Jerusalem
with their brethren nur begat Kish Kish
begat Saul and Saul begat Jonathan Malka
schewe Abinadab and Ishmael the son of
Jonathan was married Bale and Mary Bale
begotten Micah the sons of Micah burp -
Mallick Taria and a has and a has begat
Shahada Jahoda begat alamos as Mavis and
Zimmer I and Zimmer I forgot Moser
moza begat Pina Rafer his son Eleazar
his son and asel his son basil had six
sons whose names were these as Rick em
buckaroo
Ishmael she Araya Obadiah and Haman all
these were the sons of ASA and the sons
of Ishaq his brother were ulam his
firstborn gia SH the second and
eliminate the third the sons of ulam
were mighty man of Valor archers they
had many sons and grandsons 150 in all
these were all sons of Benjamin
[Music]